Guys.
Happy Friday.
Hey so I had a question from one of the students.
It was about how do you list multiple listings that are all in the same space or share space in some
way.
Now I'll admit the way that you do this in Air B and B is not very intuitive at all the way if you were
to ask Airbnb if you were to contact them they would tell you that you have to do it through a work
around.
And I had to kind of figured this out when I did it but it's not particularly difficult.
You just when you do it I'll show you.
You kind of think there must be something else to this but actually no there's not.
So the reason why a lot of people want to read out multiple listings within your same space it's just
the option of flexibility.
When I'm in my apartment I like to run outside rooms when I'm outside of my apartment.
I like to rent out the full apartment.
It's a little bit tricky having to manage the two calendars between the two but it's totally worth it
for me.
I have a lot of extra space in my space so it makes a lot of sense for me because I'll enjoy hosting
and I also again have a lot of space.
So for me it almost feels like a waste when I'm here.
I have this big massive living room that I've turned into a bedroom.
It seems like a waste if someone's not staying there so I'm perfectly fine hosting when I do that.
That's why I manage two different listings.
I'll show you real quickly how the way I have it set up.
I apologize my internet is being slow today.
Blame it on Comcast.
So here I have it set up that I have this is my full apartment.
This is my living room that I converted into a bedroom and this is actually my bedroom itself.
Now the reason why I listed these two is because I have a three bedroom and depending on what broomed
someone wants I can just switch.
So if I'm in this bedroom and they rent this one I can stay here and if I'm if they want to rent this
one I can switch this on.
The benefit though for listening both of these is that there are two different price points because
each one room's nicer than the other.
This one I list it.
I think it's at 180 and this is something like 110.
And so a lot of times what will happen is people ask to stay here and they will ask for a discount.
And so I just tell them to go down here and that's worked out really well for me because for me I'd
much rather have someone staying here then have it empty because the price point was too high.
And typically this one is cheaper so the type of people who stay here are like couples who are trying
to save money.
And here it's more like couples who are a lot of times they get Honeymooners.
A lot of times get people who family vacations and things like that.
So if you have multiple spaces within your space think about doing that.
Think about trying to use different prices to capture whatever type of price group someone you want.
Because a lot of times you'll have a weekend and you only have one inquiry for it.
And also you know if you have two listings are going to get twice the inquiries and twice as much exposure
so I get a lot more fill.
Just sometimes it's a lot less money but I'm happy with it anyway so the way that I would list another
listing so let's pretend like I'm going to list my closet.
All they have to do is just go up to list my space and I'm just going to fill it out like I would list
any other listing.
I would say it's an apartment.
I'd say it's a private room.
So this is my closet I will say only one person fits it.
Fill up my city
the only difference here is that you're going to have to adjust some of the amenities.
And when you write your description you can copy and paste your description but make sure the first
paragraph describes to them why this is different than the rest of your property.
Make sure you're not saying in your private room description that it's a full apartment.
Make sure to proofread it.
Change that to change that out early and be always tries to set you up with this where you want to set
your calendar.
You can say it's always available sometimes available one time available.
Keep in mind again if you have multiple listings you're gonna have to hawk your calendar to make sure
you don't double Bookout spaces.
This has happened to me way too many times and it is such a pain because I end up having to cancel on
someone which is brutal.
So the way that you do this photos now if you follow the course and you took photographs with your iPhone
or with the DSL or whatever you were able to get your hands on what you would do is you just add photos
like photos for anything else.
Now you're just going to reorder the photos.
So if I you know I have all the photos from my apartment I would upload all of those.
Maybe I'd remove a couple if those are not relevant to the space I'm now renting.
But I just reorder it.
So I would upload all of the photos and then I would take the photos from the bedroom I'm renting and
put those predominantly and I'd make that the thumbnail personally that's what I like to do.
You don't have to necessarily change a thumbnail but I like everyone to know this is the space you're
staying in.
Now if you used Airbnb photography and you're an established enough host to get that through this is
actually how you look it up and I put this in the resources a couple of times the way that you would
get these photographs because Air B and B controls these photographs.
When someone comes out to your space takes the photos they upload it on their end.
You don't ever touch those photographs.
And that's how they verify that they're true and accurate what you want to do is when you get Airbnb
photography the way that it works is someone messages you and they act like a guest it looks like I
guess it shows up in your inbox and that person then schedules will see you when they're going to come
and take photographs.
Now if you want to make another listing what you have to do is go through and dig through all of your
messages find that person and message them and say hey I made a new listing Can you upload it to the
separate section if you can't find their name then just message Airbnb and say hey these are the photographs
I need in my other listing.
It takes a couple of days but that's kind of the only way you can do it.
They have to manually do it on the back end.
Yes so that's how you would deal with verified photos if you have your own photos that it doesn't really
matter.
You can just upload them directly.
One question that I know a lot of people ask is OK so what if I have a four bedroom and I want to rent
out two bedrooms in the four bedroom and then I have someone who wants to run out two spaces within
my space.
It sounds obscure but this actually happens all the time since I have a three bedroom.
I've had people coming in and three people and they don't want to stay in one space so they want to
rent two spaces but they don't want the entire space because they can't because I'm here.
So what you have to do in that case is you have to give them what's called a special offer and a special
offer.
It's an option when you get message buy from them.
You can send them a special offer a discounted offer but you can also increase the price on their special
offer.
And so you have to end up doing is.
So say someone says hey one or two rooms they'll ask you about one room air B and B will calculate the
rate for that room.
You message them with a special offer and you increase the rate to a company so accommodates both spaces
and then you tell them that's what that's for.
And so here's an example.
This is a conversation from an old old booking I had this person wanted.
They're renting the living room.
Let's pretend that they wanted to rent both spaces.
So what I can do is you have this option where you can ask them for more information.
You can say it's unavailable or you can allow them to book.
Well you could say is send Bob a special offer.
I'd obviously pick the room he said and then I would just up the price and this price is already inflated
because I just did this but so it was originally 380.
So I was up at whatever it ends up being 680 or something like that.
And then I'd say in the message.
This includes both spaces.
And then immediately what I would do is I would go over to my other listing and I would turn it off.
And you need to do that immediately because if you forget to do that you say I to do that in a couple
of hours.
What can happen is someone can actually swoop in and try to book the other space and then you again
have a double booking.
And that's a hard decision.
That's all you need to be careful when you do instant book.
And that's why I would suggest you use instant book once your you have some experience with this.
The only other thing that I think is worth pointing out is that when you list your space you will need
to update your amenities depending on what you're offering them.
So in my case I have a two bed or two bathroom apartment.
If you're getting the full bath or the full apartment you have access to two bathrooms.
Now if you're renting one room I don't give you access to two bathrooms.
You only have access to one bathroom.
So I would need to change that.
No I would not select to select one.
And then I have to be honest about the bed too.
Say one.
And then I'd have to pick what it actually is by causes.
Let's say it's in Arabic.
Also within minutes this might be the case that for instance if you had a shared room but you like didn't
want to give them the kitchen you need to uncheck kitchen.
So this is not a question of what does your space have.
It's a question of what's available in the space to the guest.
So you want to check all of these and then tell them hey they can't use the heating the kitchen and
the Internet.
You need to toggle these off and on depending on what you're comfortable sharing with them and it's
all the time that if you're doing a small space within your space you might not offer all of the same
amenities to the people that you would if they were in of the entire space.
I think that about covers it.
So if you guys have any other questions just post in the group discussion and I'll get back to you.
Otherwise enjoy your weekend guys.